chore(docs): Adds graph debug documentation to book (#379)
maciejhirsz/logos: book/src/debug-graph.md

# Debug Graph

It may be beneficial during debugging to be able to visualize how Logos has generated its graph. 

If we take this example:
```rust,no_run,noplayground
use logos::Logos;

#[derive(Debug, Logos, PartialEq)]
enum Token {
    // Tokens can be literal strings, of any length.
    #[token("fast")]
    Fast,

    #[token(".")]
    Period,

    // Or regular expressions.
    #[regex("[a-zA-Z]+")]
    Text,
}
fn main() {
    let input = "Create ridiculously fast Lexers.";

    let mut lexer = Token::lexer(input);
    while let Some(token) = lexer.next() {
        println!("{:?}", token);
    }
}
```

With our graph debugging enabled, we see the following output:
```
graph = {
    1: ::Fast,
    2: ::Period,
    3: ::Text,
    4: {
        [A-Z] ⇒ 4,
        [a-z] ⇒ 4,
        _ ⇒ 3,
    },
    7: [
        ast ⇒ 8,
        _ ⇒ 4*,
    ],
    8: {
        [A-Z] ⇒ 4,
        [a-z] ⇒ 4,
        _ ⇒ 1,
    },
    9: {
        . ⇒ 2,
        [A-Z] ⇒ 4,
        [a-e] ⇒ 4,
        f ⇒ 7,
        [g-z] ⇒ 4,
    },
}
```

> Lets look at `@9` for the character `.` we see that it will jump `=>` to `2`.  We can then follow that by looking at `@2` which resolves to our `::Period` token. It will then continue to look for any matches in the case there is potential continuation after the `.` character. In the _input_ we provided there is not, since it is the end of our input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph can help us understand how our patterns are matched, and maybe understand why we have a bug at some point.

Let's look at the last node, `9`, for the character `.`. We see that it will jump (`=>`) to `2`.  We can then follow that by looking at `2` which resolves to our `::Period` token. It will then continue to look for any matches in the case there is potential continuation after the `.` character. In the _input_ we provided, there is not, since it is the end of our input.
```

Note that I have to read a bit more of the code to feel confident about how Graph actually works.

Also, this may be a bit counter-intuitive to take the example of `.`, where this is the last bit of our input string.

Reviewer: The thing I was to know (I guess the information is somewhere in the source code) is whether we always enter the graph via its last entry, or not.

Author: Totally agree about it being counter-intuitive about the `.` example.  I used the `.` since it seemed a little more straight forward on the graph to understand.  Could probably smooth over that some if I reworked some of the wording to lead into a bit more, instead of BLAM, understand this lol

> We also can try to identify how `fast` works by looking at `@9` that `f` jumps to `7`. This will then resolve the last letters of our word _fast_ by matching `ast` which jumps to `8`. Since our provided _input_ to the lexer does not include alphanumeric character after the word "fast" but rather whitespace, the token `::Fast` will be recognized. Then the graph will look for further potential continuation (ie `[g-z] => 4`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also can try to identify how `fast` works by looking at `9`, first, and seeing that `f` makes it jump to `7`. This will then resolve the last letters of our word _fast_ by matching `ast` which jumps to `8`. Since our provided _input_ to the lexer does not include alphanumeric character after the word "fast" but rather whitespace, the token `::Fast` will be recognized. Then the graph will look for further potential continuation (i.e., `[g-z] => 4`)
```

## Enabling 

### Step 1
Start by pulling the Logos repo locally
```
git clone git@github.com:maciejhirsz/logos.git
```

### Step 2
In the [Generator::new](https://github.com/maciejhirsz/logos/blob/master/logos-codegen/src/generator/mod.rs#L47) function you can add `dbg!(graph);` like the following:

```rust,no_run,noplayground
impl<'a> Generator<'a> {
    pub fn new(
        name: &'a Ident,
        this: &'a TokenStream,
        root: NodeId,
        graph: &'a Graph<Leaf>,
    ) -> Self {
        let rendered = Self::fast_loop_macro();
        let meta = Meta::analyze(root, graph);
        // Add debug here
        dbg!(graph);
        Generator {
            name,
            this,
            root,
            graph,
            meta,
            rendered,
            fns: Set::default(),
            idents: Map::default(),
            gotos: Map::default(),
            tests: Map::default(),
            tables: TableStack::new(),
        }
    }
```

### Step 3
Run `cargo build` 

### Step 4
Now in your code that uses Logos, point your Logos dependency in `Cargo.toml` to your local repo
```
[dependencies]
logos =  { path = "../path/to/logos" }
regex = "1.10.3"

> ```

Reviewer: I'd be happy if there was another way than cloning the repository, because this feels overly complicated for the basic user ^^'

If not already, it might be good to add a feature that enables debugging, like with Clap's debug feature: https://github.com/clap-rs/clap/blob/0c01b5558de0a1a513a2af429981099e550d1a78/Cargo.toml#L77.

Author: I looked into this some, trying to add a _feature_ that could easily be toggled.  Allowing a user to run Logos with the a `debug` feature enabled it to output the graph.  

I tried adding `debug` to the `Cargo.toml` in the root of the Logos repo
```
// Cargo.toml in repo root
[features]
debug = []
```
Then built with
`cargo build --features debug`

Then attempted to use that in another project like this
```
[dependencies]
logos =  { path = "/Users/afreeland/git/af-logos", features = ["debug"] }
```

However, that doesn't appear work because the configuration actually gets used in the `logos-codegen` section. Which is down a level and with its own `Cargo.toml` file. 

The other complication is `logos-derive` actually has `logos-codegen` as a dependency...so I tried adding the `debug` feature here, to see if it would propagate down the chain

```
// logos-derive/Cargo.toml
[dependencies]
logos-codegen = {version = "0.14.0", path = "../logos-codegen", features = ["debug"]}
```

This did output the graph when running from a different package outside of Logos but it was ALWAYS enabled at this point and not propagating.

Perhaps there is a way to pass from the top down but haven't discovered it yet.

Reviewer: I actually just added a `debug` feature, so you can use that instead.

See #382.

Once merged, you'll be able to rebase your branch and use this option (instead of cloning the git and modifying the source code) :-)
